Improve docs (#686)
rstudio/plumber: vignettes/rendering-output.Rmd

By default, Plumber serializes objects into JSON via the `jsonlite` R package. However, there are a variety of other serializers that are built in to the package.

You can also pass arguments to certain serializers to modify their behavior like in the example below.
```r
#* @serializer json list(na="string")
```

> See [here](../reference/serializers.html) for possible arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Serialization](../reference/serializers.html) article for details.
```

Author: Is CRAN going to complain here too?

Reviewer: Dang. Yes. Missed it. Updating the comment above

> See the [Serialization](../reference/serializers.html) article for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Serialization](https://www.rplumber.io/reference/serializers.html) article for details.
```
